Hey, so today I'm going to show you one
of the cooler but more hidden features
in Warp, which is that you can use
Warp's AI functionality within um long
running terminal apps in ripples to help
you sort of figure out how to do any any
kind of interactive work you might do in
one of those tools. I'm going to show
you this using uh the Postgres ripple,
but this would work in Node, it would
work in Python, it would work in GDB, it
would work in my SQL. So feel free to
play around with it. So I'm going to go
into this ripple and let's say I don't
know how to use Postgres, which honestly
I don't really know how to use Postgres.
I'm going to hit command I and command I
is going to bring up our generate input
and in here you can type or speak
English and your English will be
translated into the language of whatever
ripple you're in. So here I'm going to
be like uh show me all tables
and you'll see this translates to this
TT command. I'm going to do show me our
users table and our teams table. I'll
have it do two things at once. And
what's cool is as I'm doing this, it's
learning the uh structure and it's
learning whatever data is being printed
out uh within this uh within the ripple.
and so that I can do something really
cool. Show me all of the users who have
joined Warp in the last 90 days from
public email accounts like Gmail, Yahoo,
Hotmail
and are on teams of more than two
people.
So I hit my voice hotkey here to speak
to Warp. You'll see I could do that. I
get a really cool somewhat complicated
query that I can then run just one
person meeting that that criteria. This
is all fake data anyway, so I'm not too
concerned about you all seeing it.
Anyhow, super cool feature. Have fun
playing with it